feat: Add support for cloudwatch cross account oberservability #12447 (#12448)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/inputs/cloudwatch/README.md

- All measurements have the following tags:
  - region           (CloudWatch Region)
  - {dimension-name} (Cloudwatch Dimension value - one per metric dimension)

> - If IncludeLinkedAccounts is set to true then below tag is also provided:
>   - account           (The ID of the account where the metrics are located.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If `include_linked_accounts` is set to true then below tag is also provided:
  - account           (The ID of the account where the metrics are located.)
```
